Undoing some shit (#1666)
2020PB/police-brutality: README.md

Most tools will use the `data_build` branch, which will not be affected by the change.

> The `master` branch will no longer be updated. Please modify forks to reference `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `master` branch will no longer be updated. Please update forks off of `master` to reference `main`, rebasing your work off of main if needed.
```
